a cursed video everyone who watches dies
within a week today we'll go through an
american supernatural horror film from
2017 called rings this is just my
opinion on the movie and not a
substitute for watching it links to the
movie are in the description below the
movie starts in an airplane flying to
seattle a man named carter cannot stop
moving his legs a girl on the plane
named faith asks him what's wrong just
to get him to stop carter goes on to
tell his whole life story to the
stranger it turns out he met a girl at a
party a week ago who asked him to watch
a video what harm can a video do right
wrong it was kind of a haunted video
that kills everyone who watches it in a
week so our man carter is basically
about to die in a few minutes faith
rightfully so thinks that the man is
either a lunatic or serial killer or
maybe both carter runs to the plane's
bathroom while faith tells her friend
kelly the story she just heard kelly
freaks out looks like this isn't the
first time she's heard the story kelly
runs to carter and asks if he made a
copy of the video he says he hasn't the
airplane's radio starts to flicker and a
video of a creepy girl starts playing on
all the monitors then a strange liquid
spreads on the floor soon a swarm of
flies fills the plane we all know where
this is going the plane crashes and
everyone dies two long years after the
crash a girl named sky is at a yard sale
with her college professor gabriel who
she's sleeping with gabriel finds
carter's old vcr player and buys it at
home he tries to fix the vcr player and
finds a tape inside the tape plays a
video of a bunch of weird stuff like a
random chair a girl brushing her hair
and then her jumping off a cliff after
watching the video he gets a call from a
girl who says seven days and hangs up
ghosts in this movie are technology
friendly a fly emerges out of a
cigarette
makes me nauseous gabriel then goes to
the window and sees rain falling upside
down somewhere not so far away a pretty
girl named julia is with a pretty boy
named holt they're on halt's bed
chatting holt is moving to a different
town for college julia is sad and
insecure because the new city equals new
people equals new girls you get the
drill after they say their goodbyes hope
promises to call every day and leaves
for the first six weeks they seriously
skype every night talk about being
clingy
one day they're skyping when suddenly
holt's friends barge into his room and
take him away to a party julia doesn't
get a chance to say goodbye and is upset
she even texts him a couple of times but
he doesn't reply for a whole two days
clingy julia doesn't get a call from
hope suddenly at midnight he skypes her
but guess who's on the other end sky the
professor dating girl she vaguely says
that someone is coming for halt and
there's no hiding and the call ends
abruptly like any normal girlfriend
julia goes to visit hull the following
day she arrives at his campus and goes
to his dorm room she finds his phone and
sees skye's messages calling him to meet
her after a class uh-oh he might have
been cheating julia then barges into
gabriel's lecture and asks him about
hull gabriel hints towards holt cheating
on her and leaves julia with her psycho
girlfriend census finds out that gabriel
is lying she follows him and reaches a
floor exclusive to the college students
only and sees gabriel meeting sky who is
freaking out because her tail is gone
don't ask me what that means i'm just as
clueless gabriel leaves after promising
sky he'll find her a new tale maybe
they're talking about a halloween
costume julie approaches skye and asks
her about hulk skye wants julia to come
to her room and watch a video being dumb
julia agrees in her room julia finds
skye's phone with holt's text on it she
takes him back as herself holt asks her
not to watch the video but right then
skye plays a video on the laptop julia
runs to the bathroom and locks herself
as skype begs her to watch it what the
hell is this video skye throws her
laptop but then the tv starts playing
the video she plugs it out but it
doesn't stop she then pushes it on the
ground but it still doesn't stop the
video is persistent to be seen suddenly
a girl's ghost walks out of it we're
talking long hair a white gown and all
that julia hears skye crying for help
but stays in the bathroom smart and
cruel after everything falls silent
julia walks out and sees poor skye's
distorted face holt arrives asking julia
if she watched the video the two go back
to holt's room hulk calls gabriel who
says that it's now holt's turn again he
promises to find holt a tale and hangs
up okay i don't think this is a
halloween costume thing anymore holt
explains to julia that everyone who
watches the video will die in 7 days
until they make a copy of the video and
show it to someone else passing them the
curse and making them their tail oh now
we know skye had seen the video a week
ago and was unable to make anyone her
tail so she died julia gets on his
laptop at night and watches the video
the telephone rings and the girl from
the other end says seven days that's
what you get for being a dumbass julia
finds herself in front of a rusty door
she walks towards it and holds the
doorknob which burns her palm holt
notices that she has seen the video he
doesn't say anything because she did
this for him the two then go to
gabriel's home where they find out
julia's version of the video is larger
than anyone else's which basically means
the ghost takes a liking to her that
might be a good or a bad thing gabriel
checks to find that the video has always
held another video inside it which julia
has received new clips like a dead bird
a colony of ants making a cross a
pregnant girl and a church are in the
video gabriel takes a picture of the
mark on julia's palm because it looks
legit he has been researching the video
and its origin and has found out that
the girl is samara who died years ago in
a nearby town julia looks at the picture
of the town's church which is similar to
the one from the clip the police call
gabriel to discuss skye's death he gives
julia his research reports and asks the
two to go to the town and investigate
the report says that samara was
abandoned as an infant by her parents
and was adopted by a family but her life
was never happy because her new family
thought she was some kind of witch so
they threw her into a well to kill her
it doesn't end there she didn't die from
the impact and stayed at the bottom of
the well for seven days before dying if
i were her i would be causing a lot of
trouble as a ghost too the report
doesn't say anything else on their way
julia sees the pregnant girl who she had
seen in the clip but she disappears they
check into a motel in the town julia
sees the picture of the pregnant girl
she saw in the video and on the road
earlier the owner tells him that the
girl's name is evelyn and she
disappeared 30 years ago then the couple
goes to the church which has now been
abandoned a massive bell catches julia's
eye only because it's massive they
notice a graveyard beside the church and
go to search for samara's remains back
home gabriel finds out that the burn
markings on julia's hand are written in
braille he translates it and freaks out
he tries calling holt and julia to warn
them but they don't pick up hence he
also leaves for the town julia and hope
find samara's tomb and break the
entrance but they find no remains inside
julia goes inside the freaking tomb and
finds writing that says she will find
you julia the two are then caught by the
groundskeeper who seems to know what
they're looking for this isn't the first
time someone's come looking for samara
she's popular the man takes him to a
blind man named galen burke burke claims
that samara's remains were entombed by
the local priest but was moved to
another town because of a flood the duo
wants to give samara a proper funeral so
she can be free and go to heaven or hell
for killing so many people they make
their way to her tomb in the other town
but are stopped by the police because of
an accident blocking the road julius
sees a pregnant evelyn again and follows
her before she reaches the girl she
notices that the car that crashed was
gabriel's an injured gabriel tries to
say something but dies before he can
holt and julia return back to the town
with gabriel's briefcase and none of the
police stops them at night hulk goes out
to get them something to eat while julia
watches the haunted video again while
re-watching it she realizes that one of
the clips shows the massive church bell
she had seen earlier pingo bullseye
right on the money she rushes to the
church and finds a secret chamber below
the massive bell inside the place looks
like a room she sees the priest gown and
scratches on the wall as if someone has
been counting days the scratches are
exactly eight and a half months so
someone might be pregnant hmm who else
is pregnant in the movie that's right
evelyn then on the side she sees several
names scratched and crossed with
samara's name at the end so evelyn was
samara's biological mother who was
captured by the priest and kept in the
room throughout her pregnancy why did
the priest capture her because he was
the father and evelyn was just 17. julia
runs to burke's home to ask him for the
priest's whereabouts little does she
know what's coming for her at the same
time holt is at a nearby diner chatting
with the motel's owner he figures out
that blind burke used to be the town's
priest burke impregnated evelyn abducted
her made her give birth to samara
abandoned the child and then killed
evelyn that's the ghost backstory julia
is at berks and reveals to him that she
knows what happened to evelyn berg
obviously wants to kill her now holt
runs to julia but doesn't find her in
the room his boyfriend instincts tell
him that she's at berg's home burke
attacks julia and she figures that he's
samara's father the priest too late girl
too late she has an upper hand because
burke cannot see but she still manages
to get caught she then pushes him down
the stairs and comes across a doorway
that looks exactly like the one she had
seen when she got the mark on her palm
she stands before a wall that looks
familiar to her for some reason julia
breaks the wall and finds samara's
remains inside it
spooky hulk 2 arrives at the house and
is almost immediately knocked
unconscious by burke burke then
strangles julia and is about a second
away from killing her when the video
starts playing on julia's phone several
flies start to latch onto the phone too
burke feels someone standing behind him
but he's blind and samara's ghost's
mechanism works by showing people a
video so he's basically immune but
there's a catch when he turns around to
look at her his vision clears and he
gets a look at his ghost daughter one
look at her and his face starts to
distort and he dies on the spot this
girl is medusa 2.0 later julie and hope
burn samara's remains hoping she will
get peace and stop killing more people
the following day holt and julia are
together julia goes to shower as holt
discovers gabriel's voice message
telling him that the markings on julia's
hand are written in braille
too late hold julia's skin on her palm
falls off revealing gray skin underneath
she coughs and brings out a clump of
hair from her mouth
holt's computer starts sending the
creepy video to all of his contacts
automatically he unplugs all the wires
but the computer doesn't stop the
braille on julia's palm translates to
rebirth julia wipes off the vapor in the
mirror and sees she has turned into the
one and only samara no peace or heaven
this mofo now has numerous people she
can kill on earth and a human body of
her own so that's how the movie rings
goes hope you liked the video don't
forget to leave a like and comment i'll
see you next time
you